Mwc4k 2023 (#9669)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-07-13-osu-mania-4k-world-cup-2023-registrations-now-open.md

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | Jul 13 – Jul 27 (23:59 UTC) |
| Qualifier showcase | Aug 06 (14:00 UTC) |
| Qualifier stage | Aug 12 & Aug 13 |
| Round of 32 | Aug 19 & Aug 20 |
| Round of 16 | Aug 26 & Aug 27 |
| Quarterfinals | Sep 02 & Sep 03 |
| Semifinals | Sep 09 & Sep 10 |
| Finals | Sep 16 & Sep 17 |
| Grand Finals | Sep 23 & Sep 24 |

## Prizes

The osu!mania 4K World Cup 2023 offers a $2,000 prize pool, along with limited-edition merch!

- **1st:** 50% of the prize pool, single-run merch, profile badge, **osu!mania 4K Champion** user title for one year
- **2nd:** 30% of the prize pool, single-run merch, profile badge
- **3rd:** 20% of the prize pool, single-run merch, profile badge

## How do I register?

- **[Click here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/tournaments/39)**
- Teams will be formed by each country's captain *after* the registration phase has concluded.
- **The deadline for registering is July 27, 23:59 UTC. Make sure to submit yours before then!**

> *Notice: you may only participate if your position in the osu!mania 4K global ranking is #5000 or higher, and you have not violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Notice: you may only participate if your position in the osu!mania 4K global ranking is #5,000 or higher, and you have not violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months.*
```

If your registration passes our internal checks, you will be placed on the candidate list for your country. When that country's captain has been assigned, the list will be sent to them. This may take a while, so please be patient.

> *Remember that any registrations submitted after the deadline will not be considered under any circumstances — submit your registration ahead of time to avoid any last-minute headaches. If you run into any issues, send an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).*

Reviewer: signoff is required

```suggestion
*Remember that any registrations submitted after the deadline will not be considered under any circumstances — submit your registration ahead of time to avoid any last-minute headaches. If you run into any issues, send an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh).*

—LeoFLT
```
